Hello guys will come back in this video.
We will learn on how to set up our Momeni cloud database.
We don't need to set up to be on a local machine.
It will take us a lot of time.
So instead we use a cloud moblie database.
So if you haven't sign up go ahead and sign up it is on and lapper dot com.
So I already signed up something to log in and I want to add to my using the term alpha order.
Well again
and now I want to see this and I'm going to create a new database or right click this one.
Create new and you have a choice.
Amazon Web Services Club platform or Microsoft.
I would use Amazon and then sandbox and then I'm going to click Continue choose.
You know I'm going to choose you as an event to get a given name zonal web application Contini some
order
will take some time and right now success.
So now I want to keep your Amazon out of the question.
This is Sandboxie is free don't worry.
When Italy uses that and then you want to add data base and you want to give a name.
For me I'm going to type my name because.
Awesome.
Arash abash Rubina's you entry you want to try to create you have to create a user for this database.
So we have it already.
So now we can just copy tousling.
Now we have already have a database just copy using and pasted on our you know G-S application.
So that's it.
And I'll see you guys in the next video.